Find someone with Mori Calliope merch
Find someone cosplaying as "Best Girl"
Take a photo with people (>1) doing a group cosplay.
When you accidentally lock eyes with someone, meow at them. If they meow back, you get the point.
Ask a rando to sign your arm.
Do the Lycoris Recall Aquarium bit sakanaaaaaa on the top floor (requires a witness)
Find someone with a musical instrument
Find a figure worth over $200 (take a pic)
Ask someone what their worst anime take is.
Find someone cosplaying a fighting game character.
Find someone cosplaying a femboy.
Purchase a gift for someone: Cody / Allan / Kiana / Ian.
Find someone with a pet or child.
Find art/merch from an semi-obscure anime that you adore.
Play a board game.
Find someone who is planning on being here for all three days.
Find someone who is here from out of state.
See a Gojo and Geto Cosplay Pair
See someone carrying a body pillow
Purchase a sus body pillow
See an Apothecary Diaries Cosplay
Take a picture with a crossdressing cosplayer
Take a picture with the coolest sword you can find.
Find someone has seen <random anime>.
Find someone who hates tsunderes.
Find someone who plays a Pokemon TCG.
Find someone going to the Anime Rave.
Beat someone at a game in the Video Gaming Hall
Take a photo with two people cosplaying the same character.
Complete a stamp card
Meet a furry
Get stuck in a mimic
Make a wish at the fountain
Receive an entry fee gift at the booth of culture
Pusrcahse KawaiiKon apparel
Acrliycs for Hugh
Find god
Drink a potion
Buy a bottle of water more expensive than at the airport
Attend a panel
bleed
watch an AMV
get a Guest autograph
ask a dealer room vender for merch from an anime they have never heard of before
buy something you will display at work
participate in a lightsaber duel
buy something you will regret
drink a full bottle of water
buy non-anime / manga merch
use a Kawaii Kon affiliate discount
touch grass
experience        o d e u r s
ask a question at a panel
take a photo with every denji you see
find bawls (energy drink)
take a photo with every frieren you see
buy a dojin
get asked to help take a group cosplay photo
buy a soundtrack album
take a photo with every yor forger you see 
take a picture of the kon food vendors and find a cheaper version outside the venue
empty video room
full video room
find a comic book cosplayer
find a touhou cosplay
find a rwby cosplayer
find the generic school uniform cosplay (theres always one)
Rwby in our 2026
Find the "your waifu is trash" can
Find at least 3 of the same cosplay
Find at least 3 of the same cosplay grouped together
Find 5 kiritos
Selfie with a furry
Selfie with Allan
Find someone doing their dailies at the convention (know your gachas :))
Wheres waldo
Umamusume cosplayers
Find someone hydrating
Ask a cosplayer their favorite anime